---
title: Week 1
layout: post
author: benjamin.corby
permalink: /week-1/
source-id: 1oTB6DTB5_rq0KvI0tAYhUho_vqLSBgkQDcIJmLLLhFc
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>WEEK 1</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>09/09/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Github</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To create a fully functioning website that looks appealing, with well-written blogs.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>More progress is yet to be made. However, within the first few days of being given the assignment, I have taken a few steps forward. I will continue to do so, so that by Thursday I hopefully have a complete website.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>On numerous occasions, errors have occurred in my css code. Whether that be a missed colon, or even a whole half hour of work being completely incorrect. This has been (and continues to be) frustrating. However every time I have fixed the issue, and continue with my work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I have used questioning skills when working on the W3 Schools website in particular. For example, I spent time working on altering the opacity of my container. But unfortunately, the code I used happened to change the opacity of my text also. And so, eventually I questioned whether I could use a different method to change the opacity of the container, whilst not affecting the text. After multiple attempts, I succeeded. This was on the W3 Schools website also. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>During using CSS at home, and in school, I found it extremely tempting to ask for help immediately. Although, even if it may have taken longer, any issues could be fixed on my own. And therefore, I am far more likely to remember how to fix it in future.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>So far, I have already reflected on my progress and have noticed obvious ways to improve. For example, changing code without much thought and simply hoping for the result I wanted has wasted a huge amount of time. And so, when continuing with Github, I will try to not just do the same thing every time, but instead research further and find ways to get the result I want, even if it may seem unclear at first.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I have been engaged in making a Github website, and tried to have fun with the task. So far, I have kept concentrated to achieve the result I want and will continue to do so.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I could use JS Bin more than I am currently. The website, I have recently discovered, is hugely useful. Because Github can take a long time to load for me to see the effect of my code, it is great to have a resource which provides an instant outcome to my changes. The school website provides lots of different sites to help with coding, and so I should not ignore those resources. Also, I could consider colour more. Although there are plenty of tricks to use on my website, a simple and effective way to make the website look great is what colours I choose to use. I have found myself previously using colours that make my text extremely difficult to read. Colour guides are also available on the school website. </td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My understanding of code in W3 Schools. The biggest flaw in my learning so far has been using different categories on W3 Schools without having a clear idea on what I actually wanted to achieve. (For example, I had previously wanted a gradient as a background, and mindlessly inserted code from W3 Schools into my CSS with no logic whatsoever. This made little change to the website because I had not read the explanation of the code carefully enough. This wasted time significantly.) I also think that I could improve my learning massively if I was more creative with researching different tricks for CSS. If I don't explore further, then my website will not look interesting or authentic. </td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


