---
title: Week 2
layout: post
author: benjamin.corby
permalink: /week-2/
source-id: 19Uef-5qxyyTe_L1vXdNY0d-ygiDyyyIn39EatsS5-UU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>WEEK 2</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>13/09/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Google sheets</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To use the tools on google sheets to change certain text by simply typing "Shift 1, 2, or 3"</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes. It involved multiple attempts in the lesson, and advice from my friends, but eventually I reached my target.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>Time and time again I failed to use the Vlookup tool successfully, and was extremely unsure of what to do. After my teacher gave a final demonstration in the last second of the lesson, everyone around me then knew what to do. I was still failing, however. After school, I asked my friend for advice, as he was someone who had completed the task. From his instructions, I could then complete the task.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I have used questioning skills this week when in the final stages of the task. The Vlookup tool continued to not work, in that I would type a letter in the "Normal" section, but it would not shift up one place in the alphabet in the shift section. It took questioning of my method to realise that I was using the wrong order of highlighted sections in the Vlookup tool, and start again.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I had taken a huge amount of advice from friends (all of which were slightly different) and my teacher. But the only time I actually finished the task was when I worked alone and used my own reasoning. Collaboration helped me understand the task to a greater extent, but it was independence which helped finished the task.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I have reflected on this week, and realised my biggest mistake was not asking enough in the lesson. The best advice I would get would be from my teacher. I found myself unsure on multiple occasions of what to do, but did not ask further. Next time, I will make sure to question more in the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>Although the task took very long this week, I did find myself fully engaged the whole time. However, a lot of my engagement would come from frustration instead of logic. This held me back, also.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I could have avoided wasting such a significant amount of time making tables look aesthetically pleasing, rather than complete the challenge I was given. I spent along time applying colours to columns, despite how unnecessary that was. Issues such as that distracted me from what I needed to do.
Also, I found myself constantly looking at what others were doing, losing focus on my own screen when I could have been making more progress. In doing this, I also forgot many of the instructions given at the start by my teacher.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Changes I need to make to improve my learning for next time are firstly questioning more in the lesson when with the teacher. This way I can use the best advice when it's actually available. Secondly, I need to value independence more. It is extremely tempting to ask a friend what to do during the lesson, when the whole point is to work the task out for myself. It turns out that I actually managed to finish the task by myself anyway. And finally, I need to be more patient. A huge majority or I.T is trial and error, which involves a lot of time. Not everything will work instantly. Therefore, I must waste less time with frustrating and be patient.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


