---
title: Week 3
layout: post
author: benjamin.corby
permalink: /week-3/
source-id: 1pL_W4WGgtpReYT5cs-_BBjnIyLzjJ47VolhemouOBQw
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>WEEK 3</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>20/09/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Google sheets</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To continue with our coding on google sheets, and create a "decoded message" to our document.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes. My partner sitting next to me gave me advice along the way, and I managed to finish promptly.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>I struggled to continue with coming up with different ideas for producing the result I wanted. It took the majority of the lesson to eventually figure out that the best option was going back to basics with the "Vlookup" tool. This took a lot of perseverance, in that I had to use my multiple mistakes as learning methods instead just becoming frustrated.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>A huge problem I have made in this lesson, and in the first few weeks mainly, was simply copying the code instead of actually understanding the task. This became evident in this lesson today, as I suffered greatly from previous weeks mistakes. It took a lot of questioning of what I was doing to finally complete the task.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I used independence at a very low standard for the task this lesson. My partner gave a large percentage of his time helping me, as he was much further ahead than me. Although I tried to contribute positively to his learning, I didn't help him nearly as much as he helped me. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I have reflected on this week, and concluded that most of my struggling was a cause of my mistakes in the lessons before. Thankfully, my understanding developed hugely after a discussion with my partner. Next week (I hope) will be more successful, due to the fact I went further than just copying my teacher and more understanding what I was doing.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I found myself engaged in the majority of the lesson. However, once I had finished the lesson with more time left, I lost concentration. I should have looked further and seen what more I could do but instead was not as engaged. Next week I will try to change this.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Mainly, I could have been more independent. The reason I wasn’t as independent as I should’ve been is simply because I didn’t understand. And the reason I didn’t understand is that I had not questioned enough in previous weeks. These simple factors have larger effects in later weeks and so I will make sure for this not to happen again. What also could’ve gone better in my learning was the amount of effort I gave after finishing the task. I did not give my full engagement once I had finished, and that restricted my progress significantly.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Changes I need to make to improve my learning for next time are to, firstly, spend more time questioning and really understanding the task. This way I can learn more instead of just doing what the teacher was doing on the board. Not only this, but long term this will mean I can actually work faster when I know what I’m doing. Secondly, I need to look for more tasks to do once I have finished. The teacher had other assignments available, of which I should’ve attempted. There is no point of stopping when you finish the original task, as there is always more to do. Next time, I will try to keep full engagement for the whole time and achieve as much as possible.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


